> The rising action of the game. In Daniya's absence, Jinan is found by a moody teenager, [[Corey]], working in the shop. Jinan also grants them a wish, specifically to be cool among their peers. It starts with a simple makeover; however, Jinan keeps escalating the stakes to stunts and performances. Corey eventually grows uncomfortable with it, storming off. Jinan has a heart to heart with him, and while the issue is resolved, Corey tells Jinan not to take it that far next time.

# Gameplay
---
## Beats
1. **Opening dialogue.**
Simple dialogue. Jinan is summoned again -- by Corey, not Daniya. Corey had found the lamp while working in the antiques store as their part-time job. Despite their surprise, Jinan still offers to grant Corey their wish: to be coolest guy in school. Jinan, dreaming up a plan, jumps straight into action.
2. **Dress-up.**
Animated QTE sequence. The camera flies around Corey as Jinan snaps and summons new outfits for them. QTEs line up to when new clothes appear, or when changing properties like colors. After Corey strikes a pose for a crowd of adoring fans, transition to next beat.
3. **Skateboarding.**
3D arcade sequence. Jinan decides Corey needs a cool hobby -- skateboarding. The player controls Corey as they are suddenly thrown onto a skateboarding rink. Riding rails, doing spins, or making jumps is done by running into them and following the QTE prompts. Points are earned arbitrarily for these stunts: it will not affect anything.
4. **Corey calls it off.**
World dialogue. Corey is encouraged to do a huge stunt, but doesn't feel comfortable doing so. They storm off; Jinan chases after them.
5. **Heart to heart.**
World dialogue. Back in the dressing room, Corey is frustrated with Jinan and himself. Corey tells them that the wish had gone too far, and that he just isn't cool enough for this stuff. Jinan comforts them, helping him identify the issue as a self-esteem problem. Jinan snaps them back into their normal clothes (maybe cleaned up?) and Corey summons the courage to do the trick.
Corey does the trick. In a roar of applause, transition to next beat.
6. **Closing marks.**
Simple dialogue. Corey bids farewell to Jinan and tells them that he needs to get going; he was supposed to get picked up from work, but his dad didn't show up again. Jinan thinks nothing of it and waves Corey off.